There were three crows, sung by Stanley Ezra.
Are you ready?
There were three crows set on a tree, sing Billy McGee McGaw.
There were three crows sat on the tree, and they were black as they could be.
And they all flopped their wings and cried, says one old crow unto his mate, old Billy McGee McGaw.
Says one old crow unto his mate, oh Billy McGee McGar.
Says one old crow unto his mate, oh what shall we do for something to eat?
Then they all flopped their wings and cried, There lies a horse on yonder's plain, oh Billy McGee McGar.
There lies a horse on yonder's plain, oh Billy McGee McGaw.
There lies a horse on yonder's plain, who buys some cruel butcher slain.
And they all flopped their wings and cried, ow, ow, ow.
We'll perch ourselves on his backbone, oh Billy McGee McGaw.
We'll perch ourselves on his backbone and eat.
Oh, boys, what their wings and crotch.